# python-challenge-resubmission
 Re-submission of MSU Data Analytics BootCamp Module 3 Challenge

 Code (script) file name: main.py - one located in PyBank directory and one located in the PyPoll directory

 These two Python scripts perform two core functions:

 1. Read in a CSV file located in a particular directory and perform "budget calculations". The script then prints the output generated by the script to the terminal window and to a text file placed into a new directory called 'analysis' located in the directory from which the script is run. Specifically, the script will determine the number of months tracked in the data, the total amount of profit or loss over the course of the tracked time, the average month to month profit/loss over the time tracked, and the month to month values that showed the greatest profit/loss (and in which months they occured).

 2. Read in a CSV file located in a particular directory and perform ballot tabulations for a simualated vote. The script then prints the output of the script to the terminal window and to a text file placed into a new directory called 'analysis' located in the directory from which the script is run. The script will count the total number of ballots cast, the raw number and percent of the total ballots cast for each candidate, and the winner of the election from the ballot numbers based on who received the most votes.

*Code sourcing statement*
-----------------------

I did use a natural language description of the desired script's functions entered into ChatGPT 3.5 to help build the code structure. I did copy pieces of that code in order to be more efficient, but I tailored it to fit all of the desired functions of this particular project. I did not directly copy and paste any of this code from the internet otherwise (e.g., from StackExchange or any other webpage). I did not seek any assistance or use code written by my peers or instructors for this challenge.

End of code sourcing statement.

 ----------------------

 The repository also contains the CSV files in a subdirectory called 'Resources' located in both PyBank and PyPoll directories.
